BUILD_VERIFICATION.md, before:

# Build Verification & Auto-Deploy Setup

## ✅ Build Optimizations Applied

### 1. Dependencies Fixed

- ✅ `tailwindcss`, `postcss`, `autoprefixer` moved to `dependencies` (required during build)
- ✅ `prisma` and `@prisma/client` added to `dependencies`
- ✅ All required packages properly configured

### 2. Build Scripts Enhanced
- ✅ `prebuild`: Automatically runs `prisma generate` before build
- ✅ `vercel-build`: Custom build command for Vercel
- ✅ `postinstall`: Handles Prisma client generation with error handling

### 3. Vercel Configuration
- ✅ `vercel.json` optimized with proper build settings
- ✅ Environment variables configured
- ✅ Function timeouts set (30s for API routes)
- ✅ Framework auto-detection enabled

### 4. GitHub Actions Workflow
- ✅ `.github/workflows/vercel-deploy.yml` created
- ✅ Automatic build verification on push to main
- ✅ Prisma client generation included
- ✅ Build success verification

## 🚀 Auto-Deploy Configuration

### Vercel Auto-Deploy
When you connect the correct repository (`StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`) to Vercel:

1. **Automatic Deployments**: Every push to `main` triggers a new deployment
2. **Build Command**: `npm run build` (with prebuild script)
3. **Install Command**: `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`
4. **Environment**: Production optimizations enabled

### GitHub Actions
- Runs on every push to `main` branch
- Verifies build succeeds before deployment
- Can be extended for additional checks

## 📋 Build Checklist

### Pre-Deployment
- [x] All dependencies in correct locations
- [x] Prisma client generation configured
- [x] Build scripts optimized
- [x] Vercel config updated
- [x] TypeScript paths configured
- [x] All components exist and are importable

### Components Verified
- [x] `WalletButton` - `src/components/wallet/WalletButton.tsx`
- [x] `ThemeSwitcher` - `src/components/theme/ThemeSwitcher.tsx`
- [x] `GlowCard` - `src/components/ui/GlowCard.tsx`
- [x] `NeonText` - `src/components/ui/NeonText.tsx`
- [x] `SwapInterface` - `src/components/swap/SwapInterface.tsx`
- [x] `TokenList` - `src/components/tokens/TokenList.tsx`
- [x] `Portfolio` - `src/components/portfolio/Portfolio.tsx`
- [x] `WalletProvider` - `src/components/wallet/WalletProvider.tsx`
- [x] `ThemeProvider` - `src/components/theme/ThemeProvider.tsx`
- [x] `AuraBackground` - `src/components/ui/AuraBackground.tsx`
- [x] `ErrorBoundary` - `src/components/ErrorBoundary.tsx`

### Configuration Files
- [x] `package.json` - Dependencies and scripts
- [x] `vercel.json` - Vercel deployment config
- [x] `next.config.js` - Next.js optimizations
- [x] `tsconfig.json` - TypeScript paths
- [x] `tailwind.config.js` - Tailwind configuration
- [x] `postcss.config.js` - PostCSS configuration

## 🔧 Build Process

### Local Build Test
```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm run build
```

### Vercel Build Process
1. Clone repository
2. Run `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`
3. Run `prebuild` script (Prisma generate)
4. Run `npm run build`
5. Deploy `.next` output

## 🐛 Common Issues Resolved

### Issue: Tailwind CSS not found
**Solution**: Moved `tailwindcss` to `dependencies`

### Issue: Prisma client not generated
**Solution**: Added `prebuild` script and Prisma to dependencies

### Issue: Module resolution errors
**Solution**: Verified all components exist and paths are correct

### Issue: Build fails on Vercel
**Solution**: Added proper build scripts and error handling

## 📊 Expected Build Output

### Successful Build Should Show:
```
✓ Compiled successfully
✓ Linting and checking validity of types
✓ Collecting page data
✓ Generating static pages
✓ Finalizing page optimization
```

### Build Artifacts:
- `.next/` directory created
- Static pages generated
- API routes compiled
- Images optimized

## 🚀 Deployment Steps

### 1. Connect Repository to Vercel
1. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
2. Import project
3. Select: `StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`
4. Framework: Next.js (auto-detected)
5. Root Directory: `./` (default)

### 2. Configure Environment Variables
Add in Vercel Dashboard → Settings → Environment Variables:
```
DATABASE_URL=your-database-url
NEXT_PUBLIC_SOLANA_RPC_MAINNET=https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com
JWT_SECRET=your-secret-key
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=https://your-domain.vercel.app
NODE_ENV=production
```

### 3. Deploy
- Click "Deploy"
- Vercel will automatically:
  - Install dependencies
  - Run prebuild (Prisma generate)
  - Build the project
  - Deploy to production

### 4. Auto-Deploy Setup
- ✅ Already configured: Every push to `main` triggers deployment
- ✅ GitHub integration enabled
- ✅ Build verification in place

## 📈 Monitoring

### Build Logs
- Check Vercel dashboard for build logs
- GitHub Actions shows build verification
- All errors are logged with context

### Success Indicators
- ✅ Build completes without errors
- ✅ `.next` directory created
- ✅ All routes compiled
- ✅ No module resolution errors
- ✅ Prisma client generated

## 🔄 Auto-Redeploy

### Automatic Triggers
1. **Push to main branch** → Auto-deploy
2. **Merge PR to main** → Auto-deploy
3. **Manual trigger** → Vercel dashboard

### Manual Redeploy
```bash
# Make any change and push
git commit --allow-empty -m "Trigger redeploy"
git push origin main
```

## ✅ Verification Status

**Current Status**: ✅ Ready for Deployment - All Build Errors Fixed

**Latest Fixes Applied**:
- ✅ Fixed Prisma command not found - using `npx prisma generate`
- ✅ Removed `output: 'standalone'` from next.config.js (Vercel compatibility)
- ✅ Updated vercel.json to use `vercel-build` script
- ✅ Removed unnecessary Three.js webpack externals
- ✅ Added `.npmrc` for proper dependency resolution
- ✅ All components verified and properly exported
- ✅ Repository URL updated to `StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`

**Repository**: `https://github.com/StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`

**Version**: 1.0.0

---

**Next Steps**:
1. ✅ Connect Vercel to `StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository` (new repo)
2. Add environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy - build should now succeed
4. Monitor build logs
5. Verify deployment at `solana-defi-wallet-repository-git-main-tradeos.vercel.app`

**Build errors resolved!** 🎉

Commit message:

Add Vercel repository migration guide - critical: update Vercel project to use new repository URL

BUILD_VERIFICATION.md, after:

# Build Verification & Auto-Deploy Setup

## ✅ Build Optimizations Applied

### 1. Dependencies Fixed

- ✅ `tailwindcss`, `postcss`, `autoprefixer` moved to `dependencies` (required during build)
- ✅ `prisma` and `@prisma/client` added to `dependencies`
- ✅ All required packages properly configured

### 2. Build Scripts Enhanced
- ✅ `prebuild`: Automatically runs `prisma generate` before build
- ✅ `vercel-build`: Custom build command for Vercel
- ✅ `postinstall`: Handles Prisma client generation with error handling

### 3. Vercel Configuration
- ✅ `vercel.json` optimized with proper build settings
- ✅ Environment variables configured
- ✅ Function timeouts set (30s for API routes)
- ✅ Framework auto-detection enabled

### 4. GitHub Actions Workflow
- ✅ `.github/workflows/vercel-deploy.yml` created
- ✅ Automatic build verification on push to main
- ✅ Prisma client generation included
- ✅ Build success verification

## 🚀 Auto-Deploy Configuration

### Vercel Auto-Deploy
When you connect the correct repository (`StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`) to Vercel:

1. **Automatic Deployments**: Every push to `main` triggers a new deployment
2. **Build Command**: `npm run build` (with prebuild script)
3. **Install Command**: `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`
4. **Environment**: Production optimizations enabled

### GitHub Actions
- Runs on every push to `main` branch
- Verifies build succeeds before deployment
- Can be extended for additional checks

## 📋 Build Checklist

### Pre-Deployment
- [x] All dependencies in correct locations
- [x] Prisma client generation configured
- [x] Build scripts optimized
- [x] Vercel config updated
- [x] TypeScript paths configured
- [x] All components exist and are importable

### Components Verified
- [x] `WalletButton` - `src/components/wallet/WalletButton.tsx`
- [x] `ThemeSwitcher` - `src/components/theme/ThemeSwitcher.tsx`
- [x] `GlowCard` - `src/components/ui/GlowCard.tsx`
- [x] `NeonText` - `src/components/ui/NeonText.tsx`
- [x] `SwapInterface` - `src/components/swap/SwapInterface.tsx`
- [x] `TokenList` - `src/components/tokens/TokenList.tsx`
- [x] `Portfolio` - `src/components/portfolio/Portfolio.tsx`
- [x] `WalletProvider` - `src/components/wallet/WalletProvider.tsx`
- [x] `ThemeProvider` - `src/components/theme/ThemeProvider.tsx`
- [x] `AuraBackground` - `src/components/ui/AuraBackground.tsx`
- [x] `ErrorBoundary` - `src/components/ErrorBoundary.tsx`

### Configuration Files
- [x] `package.json` - Dependencies and scripts
- [x] `vercel.json` - Vercel deployment config
- [x] `next.config.js` - Next.js optimizations
- [x] `tsconfig.json` - TypeScript paths
- [x] `tailwind.config.js` - Tailwind configuration
- [x] `postcss.config.js` - PostCSS configuration

## 🔧 Build Process

### Local Build Test
```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
npm run build
```

### Vercel Build Process
1. Clone repository
2. Run `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`
3. Run `prebuild` script (Prisma generate)
4. Run `npm run build`
5. Deploy `.next` output

## 🐛 Common Issues Resolved

### Issue: Tailwind CSS not found
**Solution**: Moved `tailwindcss` to `dependencies`

### Issue: Prisma client not generated
**Solution**: Added `prebuild` script and Prisma to dependencies

### Issue: Module resolution errors
**Solution**: Verified all components exist and paths are correct

### Issue: Build fails on Vercel
**Solution**: Added proper build scripts and error handling

## 📊 Expected Build Output

### Successful Build Should Show:
```
✓ Compiled successfully
✓ Linting and checking validity of types
✓ Collecting page data
✓ Generating static pages
✓ Finalizing page optimization
```

### Build Artifacts:
- `.next/` directory created
- Static pages generated
- API routes compiled
- Images optimized

## 🚀 Deployment Steps

### 1. Connect Repository to Vercel
1. Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
2. Import project
3. Select: `StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`
4. Framework: Next.js (auto-detected)
5. Root Directory: `./` (default)

### 2. Configure Environment Variables
Add in Vercel Dashboard → Settings → Environment Variables:
```
DATABASE_URL=your-database-url
NEXT_PUBLIC_SOLANA_RPC_MAINNET=https://api.mainnet-beta.solana.com
JWT_SECRET=your-secret-key
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=https://your-domain.vercel.app
NODE_ENV=production
```

### 3. Deploy
- Click "Deploy"
- Vercel will automatically:
  - Install dependencies
  - Run prebuild (Prisma generate)
  - Build the project
  - Deploy to production

### 4. Auto-Deploy Setup
- ✅ Already configured: Every push to `main` triggers deployment
- ✅ GitHub integration enabled
- ✅ Build verification in place

## 📈 Monitoring

### Build Logs
- Check Vercel dashboard for build logs
- GitHub Actions shows build verification
- All errors are logged with context

### Success Indicators
- ✅ Build completes without errors
- ✅ `.next` directory created
- ✅ All routes compiled
- ✅ No module resolution errors
- ✅ Prisma client generated

## 🔄 Auto-Redeploy

### Automatic Triggers
1. **Push to main branch** → Auto-deploy
2. **Merge PR to main** → Auto-deploy
3. **Manual trigger** → Vercel dashboard

### Manual Redeploy
```bash
# Make any change and push
git commit --allow-empty -m "Trigger redeploy"
git push origin main
```

## ✅ Verification Status

**Current Status**: ✅ Ready for Deployment - All Build Errors Fixed

**Latest Fixes Applied**:
- ✅ Fixed Prisma command not found - using `npx prisma generate`
- ✅ Removed `output: 'standalone'` from next.config.js (Vercel compatibility)
- ✅ Updated vercel.json to use `vercel-build` script
- ✅ Removed unnecessary Three.js webpack externals
- ✅ Added `.npmrc` for proper dependency resolution
- ✅ All components verified and properly exported
- ✅ Repository URL updated to `StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`

**Repository**: `https://github.com/StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`

**Version**: 1.0.0

---

**Next Steps**:
1. ⚠️ **IMPORTANT**: Update Vercel Project Repository Connection
   - Go to Vercel Dashboard → Project Settings → Git
   - Disconnect the old repository: `SMSDAO/solana-defi-wallet`
   - Connect the new repository: `StudioDeFi/solana-defi-wallet-repository`
   - This is critical - Vercel is still trying to clone from the old repo!
2. Add environment variables in Vercel dashboard
3. Deploy - build should now succeed
4. Monitor build logs
5. Verify deployment at `solana-defi-wallet-repository-git-main-tradeos.vercel.app`

**Recent Fixes**:
- ✅ Regenerated `package-lock.json` to fix "Invalid Version" error
- ✅ All build configuration errors resolved

**Build errors resolved!** 🎉

**⚠️ Action Required**: Update Vercel project to use the new repository URL!
